CLI ref for `tctl sso` commands. (#13148)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/setup/reference/cli.mdx

$ tctl auth rotate --type=host --grace-period=8h
```

### tctl sso test

Perform end-to-end test of SSO flow using provided auth connector definition.

The command supports all auth connector types: `github`, `oidc`, `saml`. The latter two require Teleport Enterprise.

The testing consists of running a single end-to-end authentication request against provided auth connector definition.
Once the request is finished, the results will be printed to console along with context-specific diagnostic informations.
The test process will modify the list of configured auth connectors or result in certificates being issued.

```code
$ tctl [<global-flags>] sso test [<filename>]
```

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Important"
>
  To use this command, you must have access to `github_request`, `oidc_request`, `saml_request` resources (depending on the type of connector being tested).

>   If you receive "permission denied" error, modify one of your roles to allow access to:

Reviewer: Instead of suggesting that a user directly modifies their role (which is probably not possible in many enterprise environments), let's just say "ensure that one of your roles allows access to"

```yaml
   - resources:
      - github_request
      verbs:
      - list
      - create
      - read
      - update
      - delete
    - resources:
      - oidc_request
      verbs:
      - list
      - create
      - read
      - update
      - delete
    - resources:
      - saml_request
      verbs:
      - list
      - create
      - read
      - update
      - delete
```
</Admonition>

#### Arguments

- `[<filename>]` Connector resource definition file. Optional. Empty for stdin.

#### Flags

This command defines no flags.

#### Global flags

These flags are available for all commands `--debug, --config`. Run
`tctl help <subcommand>` or see the [Global Flags section](#tctl-global-flags).

#### Examples

Test the auth connector from `connector.yaml`:

```code
$ tctl sso test connector.yaml
```

The command is designed to be used in conjunction with `tctl sso configure` family of commands:

```code
$ tctl sso configure ... | tctl sso test
```

> The pipeline may also utilise `tee` to capture the connector generated with `tctl sso configure`. This will save the connector in `connector.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline may also utilize `tee` to capture the connector generated with `tctl sso configure`. This will save the connector in `connector.yaml`:
```

We tend to use the American English spelling throughout the docs, so let's be consistent here.

Author: Ah, I wonder if I can configure the spell checker to catch these. Thanks.

```code
$ tctl sso configure ... | tee connector.yaml | tctl sso test
```

> You can test existing auth connector by combining the command with `tctl get`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test an existing auth connector by combining the command with `tctl get`:
```

```bsh
$ tctl get saml/your-connector-name --with-secrets | tctl sso test
````

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Important"
>

>   Make sure to include `--with-secrets` flag, or the exported auth connector will not be testeable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Make sure to include `--with-secrets` flag, or the exported auth connector will not be testable.
```

</Admonition>

### tctl sso configure github

> Configure Github auth connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure GitHub auth connector.
```

Here and throughout.

Required params `--id` and `--secret` come from the [Github OAuth app](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app).

> The flag `--teams-to-logins` can be provided multiple times to specify which Github Teams are assigned which roles.

Reviewer: Can we call this `--teams-to-roles` instead?  `teams-to-logins` is a legacy name that predates RBAC, and there's actually an open PR that may make it into v10 which will rename the field in the connector.

```code

> $ tctl sso test --id=GITHUB_CLIENT_ID --secret=GITHUB_SECRET --teams-to-logins=... [<other-flags>]

Reviewer: Can you give an example of `--teams-to-logins` rather than `...` which makes the user have to guess?

Is it something like `--teams-to-logins foo:bar`?

$ tctl auth rotate --type=host --grace-period=8h
```

### tctl sso test

> Perform end-to-end test of SSO flow using provided auth connector definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform an end-to-end test of SSO flow using provided auth connector definition.
```

The command supports all auth connector types: `github`, `oidc`, `saml`. The latter two require Teleport Enterprise.

> The testing consists of running a single end-to-end authentication request against provided auth connector definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The testing consists of running a single end-to-end authentication request using the provided auth connector definition.
```

Once the request is finished, the results will be printed to console along with context-specific diagnostic informations.
The test process will modify the list of configured auth connectors or result in certificates being issued.

```code
$ tctl [<global-flags>] sso test [<filename>]
```

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Important"
>
  To use this command, you must have access to `github_request`, `oidc_request`, `saml_request` resources (depending on the type of connector being tested).

>   If you receive "permission denied" error, ensure that have access to resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you receive a "permission denied" error, ensure that have access to resources:
```

#### Global flags

These flags are available for all commands `--debug, --config`. Run
`tctl help <subcommand>` or see the [Global Flags section](#tctl-global-flags).

#### Examples

Test the auth connector from `connector.yaml`:

```code
$ tctl sso test connector.yaml
```

The command is designed to be used in conjunction with `tctl sso configure` family of commands:

```code
$ tctl sso configure ... | tctl sso test
```

The pipeline may also utilize `tee` to capture the connector generated with `tctl sso configure`. This will save the connector in `connector.yaml`:

```code
$ tctl sso configure ... | tee connector.yaml | tctl sso test
```

You can test an existing auth connector by combining the command with `tctl get`:

```bsh
$ tctl get saml/your-connector-name --with-secrets | tctl sso test
````

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Important"
>
  Make sure to include `--with-secrets` flag, or the exported auth connector will not be testable.
</Admonition>

### tctl sso configure github

Configure GitHub auth connector.

Required params `--id` and `--secret` come from the [Github OAuth app](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app).

> The flag `--teams-to-roles` can be provided multiple times to specify which Github Teams are assigned which roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag `--teams-to-roles` can be provided multiple times to specify which Github Teams are assigned which roles.
In this example, members of the `octocats` team in GitHub will be assigned the `devs`, `access`, and `editor` roles in Teleport.
```

Reviewer: Edit: I see you have this below. Either is fine, but it might make more sense here, as I found myself wondering what the command was doing as soon as I finished reading it.

| `-n`, `--name`            | `github`         | resource name              | Connector name.                                         |
| `-r`, `--teams-to-roles`  | none             | `org,team,role1,role2,...` | Sets teams-to-roles mapping. Repeatable.                |
| `--display`               | none             | display name               | Controls how this connector is displayed.               |
| `--id`                    | none             | Github OAuth2 client id    | Github app client ID.                                   |
| `--secret`                | none             | Github OAuth2 secret       | Github app client secret.                               |
| `--redirect-url`          | none             | Valid callback URL.        | Authorization callback URL.                             |
| `--ignore-missing-roles`  |                  |                            | Ignore missing roles referenced in `--teams-to-roles`.  |

#### Global flags

These flags are available for all commands `--debug, --config`. Run
`tctl help <subcommand>` or see the [Global Flags section](#tctl-global-flags).

#### Examples

> Generate Github auth connector. Two role mappings are defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate GitHub auth connector. Two role mappings are defined:
```

Try to use `GitHub` as I just opened a bunch of PRs to change this everywhere :)

```code
$ tctl sso configure gh ... | tctl sso test
```

### tctl sso configure oidc

Configure OIDC auth connector, optionally using a preset.

The flag `--claims-to-roles` can be provided multiple times.

```code
$ tctl sso configure oidc --id=CLIENT_ID --secret=SECRET --claims-to-roles=... [<other-flags>]
```

#### Arguments

This command accepts no arguments.

#### Flags

Mandatory flags: `--id`, `--secret`, `--claims-to-roles`. Other flags may be required depending on chosen preset.

General flags:

| Name                      | Description                                                                                                                               |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-p`, `--preset`          | Preset. One of: `google`, `gitlab`, `okta`.                                                                                               |
| `-n`, `--name`            | Connector name. Required, unless implied from preset.                                                                                     |

> | `-r`, `--claims-to-roles` | Sets claim-to-roles mapping using format `claim_name,claim_value,role1,role2,...`. Repeatable.                                            |

Reviewer: Does "Repeatable" mean you specify a new `--claims-to-roles` flag, or add some sort of delimiter?

Author: It can be given multiple times: `tctl sso configure oidc -r groups,devs,access -r groups,admins,editor,auditor ...`.

$ tctl auth rotate --type=host --grace-period=8h
```

### tctl sso test

Perform an end-to-end test of SSO flow using provided auth connector definition.

The command supports all auth connector types: `github`, `oidc`, `saml`. The latter two require Teleport Enterprise.

The testing consists of running a single end-to-end authentication request using the provided auth connector definition.
Once the request is finished, the results will be printed to console along with context-specific diagnostic information.

> The test process may modify the list of configured auth connectors or result in new certificates being issued.

Author: Ah, this is actually a mistake: there should be negation there, as the test process *will not* do any of those things. I'll rephrase.

> The test process may modify the list of configured auth connectors or result in new certificates being issued.

Author: Done: 1d6841cfaf83f54e0092bba3c3150370695b2ccb

> The test process may modify the list of configured auth connectors or result in new certificates being issued.

Author: @ptgott PTAL

> The test process may modify the list of configured auth connectors or result in new certificates being issued.

Author: @ptgott PTAL

```code
$ tctl [<global-flags>] sso test [<filename>]
```

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Important"
>
  To use this command, you must have access to `github_request`, `oidc_request`, `saml_request` resources (depending on the type of connector being tested).

>   If you receive a "permission denied" error, ensure that have access to resources:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If you receive a "permission denied" error, ensure that you have access to the following resources in one of your Teleport roles:
```

```yaml
- resources: [github_request]
  verbs: [list,create,read,update,delete]
- resources: [oidc_request]
  verbs: [list,create,read,update,delete]
- resources: [saml_request]
  verbs: [list,create,read,update,delete]
```
</Admonition>

#### Arguments

- `[<filename>]` Connector resource definition file. Optional. Empty for stdin.

#### Flags

This command defines no flags.

#### Global flags

These flags are available for all commands `--debug, --config`. Run
`tctl help <subcommand>` or see the [Global Flags section](#tctl-global-flags).

#### Examples

Test the auth connector from `connector.yaml`:

```code
$ tctl sso test connector.yaml
```

> The command is designed to be used in conjunction with `tctl sso configure` family of commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command is designed to be used in conjunction with the `tctl sso configure` family of commands:
```

$ tctl auth rotate --type=host --grace-period=8h
```

### tctl sso test

Perform an end-to-end test of an SSO authentication flow using the provided auth connector definition.

The command supports all auth connector types: `github`, `oidc` and `saml`. The latter two require Teleport Enterprise.

```code
$ tctl [<global-flags>] sso test [<auth-connector.yaml>]
```

The testing consists of running a single end-to-end authentication request using the provided auth connector definition.

> Once the request is finished, the results will be printed to console along with context-specific diagnostic information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the request is finished, the results will be printed to standard output along with context-specific diagnostic information.
```
In case the user wants to do shell redirection

The test process is safe from side effects in that:
- it will not change the list of configured auth connectors
- the audit log will clearly state the login attempts as "test" ones

> - there will be no certificates issued for logged in user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- there will be no certificates issued for the authenticated user
```

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Important"
>

>   To use this command, you must have access to `github_request`, `oidc_request`, `saml_request` resources (depending on the type of connector being tested).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To use this command, you must have access to the `github_request`, `oidc_request`, and `saml_request` resources (depending on the type of connector being tested).
```

  If you receive a "permission denied" error, ensure that you have access to the following resources in one of your Teleport roles:

```yaml
- resources: [github_request]
  verbs: [list,create,read,update,delete]
- resources: [oidc_request]
  verbs: [list,create,read,update,delete]
- resources: [saml_request]
  verbs: [list,create,read,update,delete]
```
</Admonition>

#### Arguments

- `[<filename>]` Connector resource definition file. Optional. Empty for stdin.

#### Flags

This command defines no flags.

#### Global flags

> These flags are available for all commands `--debug, --config`. Run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These flags are available for all commands: `--debug, --config`. Run
```

`tctl help <subcommand>` or see the [Global Flags section](#tctl-global-flags).

#### Examples

Test the auth connector from `connector.yaml`:

```code
$ tctl sso test connector.yaml
```

The command is designed to be used in conjunction with the `tctl sso configure` family of commands:

```code
$ tctl sso configure ... | tctl sso test
```

The pipeline may also utilize `tee` to capture the connector generated with `tctl sso configure`. This will save the connector in `connector.yaml`:

```code
$ tctl sso configure ... | tee connector.yaml | tctl sso test
```

You can test an existing auth connector by combining the command with `tctl get`:

```bsh
$ tctl get saml/your-connector-name --with-secrets | tctl sso test
````

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Important"
>
  Make sure to include `--with-secrets` flag, or the exported auth connector will not be testable.
</Admonition>

### tctl sso configure github

> Configure GitHub auth connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure the GitHub auth connector.
```

> Required params `--id` and `--secret` come from the [Github OAuth app](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Required params `--id` and `--secret` come from registering a Github OAuth app, which you can read about in the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app).
```

The flag `--teams-to-roles` can be provided multiple times to specify which Github Teams are assigned which roles.
In this example, members of the `octocats` team in GitHub will be assigned the `devs`, `access`, and `editor` roles in Teleport.

```code
$ tctl sso test --id=GITHUB_CLIENT_ID --secret=GITHUB_SECRET --teams-to-roles=octocats,devs,access,editor [<other-flags>]
```

#### Arguments

This command accepts no arguments.

#### Flags

Mandatory flags: `--id`, `--secret`, `--teams-to-roles`.

> | Name                      | Default Value(s) | Allowed Value(s)           | Description                                             |

Reviewer 2: "Github" should be "GitHub" in this table.

Author: Replaced "Github" with "GitHub" here and elsewhere.

|---------------------------|------------------|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `-n`, `--name`            | `github`         | resource name              | Connector name.                                         |
| `-r`, `--teams-to-roles`  | none             | `org,team,role1,role2,...` | Sets teams-to-roles mapping. Repeatable.                |
| `--display`               | none             | display name               | Controls how this connector is displayed.               |
| `--id`                    | none             | Github OAuth2 client id    | Github app client ID.                                   |
| `--secret`                | none             | Github OAuth2 secret       | Github app client secret.                               |
| `--redirect-url`          | none             | Valid callback URL.        | Authorization callback URL.                             |
| `--ignore-missing-roles`  |                  |                            | Ignore missing roles referenced in `--teams-to-roles`.  |

#### Global flags

> These flags are available for all commands `--debug, --config`. Run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These flags are available for all commands: `--debug, --config`. Run
```

`tctl help <subcommand>` or see the [Global Flags section](#tctl-global-flags).

#### Examples

> Generate GitHub auth connector. Two role mappings are defined:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate a GitHub auth connector. Two role mappings are defined:
```

>   - members of `admin` team in `octocats` org will receive `access`, `editor` and `auditor` roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - members of the `admin` team in the `octocats` org will receive `access`, `editor` and `auditor` roles.
```

>   - members of `dev` team in `octocats` org will receive `access` role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - members of the `dev` team in `octocats` org will receive the `access` role.
```

> The values for `--secret` and `--id` are provided by GitHub on [OAuth app](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/authorizing-oauth-apps) configuration page.

Reviewer 2: This is a duplicate of an earlier paragraph.

```suggestion
```

```code

> $ tctl sso configure gh -r octocats,admin,access,editor,auditor -r octocats,dev,access --secret GH_SECRET --id CLIENT_ID

Reviewer 2: Should we specify earlier that `gh` is an alias for `github`?

Author: Added.

INFO [CLIENT]    RedirectURL empty, resolving automatically.
INFO [CLIENT]    RedirectURL set to "https://teleport.example.com:3080/v1/webapi/github/callback"
kind: github
metadata:
  name: github
spec:
  client_id: CLIENT_ID
  client_secret: GH_SECRET
  display: ""
  redirect_url: https://teleport.example.com:3080/v1/webapi/github/callback
  teams_to_logins:
  - logins:
    - access
    - editor
    - auditor
    organization: octocats
    team: admin
  - logins:
    - access
    organization: octocats
    team: dev
version: v3
```

Generate the configuration and immediately test it using `tctl sso test` command.

```code
$ tctl sso configure gh ... | tctl sso test
```

### tctl sso configure oidc

> Configure OIDC auth connector, optionally using a preset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure an OIDC auth connector, optionally using a preset.
```

| `--prompt`                | Optional OIDC prompt. Example values: `none`, `select_account`, `login`, `consent`.                                                       |
| `--scope`                 | Scope specifies additional scopes set by provider. Each repetition of the flag declares one scope. Examples: `email`, `groups`, `openid`. |
| `--acr`                   | Authentication Context Class Reference values.                                                                                            |
| `--provider`              | Sets the external identity provider type to enable IdP specific workarounds. Examples: `ping`, `adfs`, `netiq`, `okta``.                  |
| `--ignore-missing-roles`  | Ignore missing roles referenced in `--claims-to-roles`.                                                                                   |

Supported presets:

| Name     | Description      | Display | Issuer URL                    |
|----------|------------------|---------|-------------------------------|
| `google` | Google Workspace | Google  | `https://accounts.google.com` |

> | `gitlab` | Gitlab           | Gitlab  | `https://gitlab.com`          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `gitlab` | GitLab           | GitLab  | `https://gitlab.com`          |
```

| `okta`   | Okta             | Okta    | `https://oktaice.okta.com`    |

> The above values for `--issuer-url` are defaults which may need to be updated depending on IdP configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above values for `--issuer-url` are defaults which may need to be updated depending on your IdP configuration.
```

The following flags are specific to Google Workspace:

| Name               | Description                                                                                            |
|--------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `--google-acc-uri` | URI pointing at service account credentials. Example: `file:///var/lib/teleport/gworkspace-creds.json`.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--google-acc-uri` | URI of your service account credentials file. Example: `file:///var/lib/teleport/gworkspace-creds.json`.|
```

| `--google-acc`      | String containing Google service account credentials.                                                  |
| `--google-admin`   | Email of a Google admin to impersonate.                                                                |
| `--google-legacy`  | Flag to select groups with direct membership filtered by domain (legacy behavior). <br/>Disabled by default. [More info](https://goteleport.com/docs/enterprise/sso/google-workspace/#how-teleport-uses-google-workspace-apis) |
| `--google-id`      | Shorthand for setting the `--id` flag to `<GOOGLE_WORKSPACE_CLIENT_ID>.apps.googleusercontent.com`     |

#### Global flags

> These flags are available for all commands `--debug, --config`. Run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These flags are available for all commands: `--debug, --config`. Run
```

`tctl help <subcommand>` or see the [Global Flags section](#tctl-global-flags).

#### Examples

> 1. Generate OIDC auth connector configuration called `myauth`. Two mappings from OIDC claims to roles are defined:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Generate an OIDC auth connector configuration called `myauth`. Two mappings from OIDC claims to roles are defined:
```

1. Generate an OIDC auth connector configuration called `myauth`. Two mappings from OIDC claims to roles are defined:

>   - members of `admin` group will receive `access`, `editor` and `auditor` roles.

Reviewer 2: Nit: The bullets should be indented.

  - members of `developer` group will receive `access` role.

> The values for `--secret`, `--id` and `--issuer-url` are provided by IdP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The values for `--secret`, `--id` and `--issuer-url` are provided by the IdP.
```

$ tctl sso configure oidc -n myauth -r groups,admin,access,editor,auditor -r group,developer,access \
      --secret IDP_SECRET --id CLIENT_ID                                                            \
      --issuer-url https://idp.example.com
```

> 2. Generate OIDC auth connector with Okta preset, enabled `groups` scope, mapping group `okta-admin` to roles `access`, `editor`, `auditor`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Generate an OIDC auth connector with Okta preset, enabled `groups` scope, mapping group `okta-admin` to roles `access`, `editor`, `auditor`.
```

> Issuer URL is set to match custom Okta domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Issuer URL is set to match a custom Okta domain.
```

> 2. Generate an OIDC auth connector with Okta preset, enabled `groups` scope, mapping group `okta-admin` to roles `access`, `editor`, `auditor`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Generate an OIDC auth connector with the Okta preset, enabling the `groups` scope and mapping the `okta-admin` group to roles `access`, `editor`, `auditor`.
```

```code
$ tctl sso configure oidc --preset okta --scope groups -r groups,okta-admin,access,editor,auditor \
      --secret IDP_SECRET --id CLIENT_ID                                                          \
      --issuer-url dev-123456.oktapreview.com
```

> 3. Generate OIDC auth connector with Google preset. Service account credentials are set to be loaded from /var/lib/teleport/gacc.json with --google-acc-uri.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Generate an OIDC auth connector with the Google preset. Service account credentials are set to be loaded from /var/lib/teleport/gacc.json with --google-acc-uri.
```

> 3. Generate an OIDC auth connector with the Google preset. Service account credentials are set to be loaded from /var/lib/teleport/gacc.json with --google-acc-uri.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Generate an OIDC auth connector with the Google preset. Service account credentials are set to be loaded from `/var/lib/teleport/gacc.json` with `--google-acc-uri`.
```

$ tctl sso configure oidc --preset google -r groups,mygroup@mydomain.example.com,access \
      --secret SECRET --google-id GOOGLE_ID --google-acc-uri /var/lib/teleport/gacc.json \
      --google-admin admin@mydomain.example.com
```

> 4. Generate the configuration and immediately test it using `tctl sso test`` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Generate the configuration and immediately test it using the `tctl sso test` command.
```

```code
$ tctl sso configure oidc ... | tctl sso test
```

### tctl sso configure saml

> Configure SAML auth connector, optionally using a preset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure the SAML auth connector, optionally using a preset.
```

The flag `--attributes-to-roles/-r` can be provided multiple times. 

> To avoid errors when pasting XML to YAML file, we encourage the usage of flag `--entity-descriptor`/`-e`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid errors when pasting XML to a YAML file, we encourage the usage of the flag `--entity-descriptor`/`-e`.
```

```code
$ tctl sso configure saml -e entity_desc.xml -r attr,value,role1 [<other-flags>]
```

#### Arguments

This command accepts no arguments.

#### Flags

> Mandatory flags: 

Reviewer 2: Since each of these flags has conditions associated with it, I think it would be cleaner to merge the mandatory flags list with the table below and mark each flag as mandatory within the table.

Author: Ok, I considered that way, but:
- I didn't want to make the table too wide;
- I wanted to highlight the required flags somehow.

Let me try to merge it then.

Author: Done. For consistency with other commands I still list the required flags before table, but details have been moved within the table itself.

- `--attributes-to-roles`; may be given multiple times.
- `--entity-descriptor`, unless `--sso`, `--acs`, `--cert` and `--issuer` are also given.
- `-n/--name`, unless `-p/--preset` is present.

| Name                        | Description                                                                                                                                      |
|-----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-p/--preset`               | Preset. One of: `okta`, `onelogin`, `ad`, `adfs`.                                                                                                |
| `-n/--name`                 | Connector name. Required, unless implied from preset.                                                                                            |

> | `-e/--entity-descriptor`    | Set the Entity Descriptor. Valid values: file, URL, XML content. Supplies configuration parameters as single XML instead of individual elements. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-e/--entity-descriptor`    | Set the Entity Descriptor. Valid values: file path, URL, XML content. Supplies configuration parameters as a single XML document instead of individual elements. |
```

> | `-n/--name`                 | Yes, unless `--preset` given.                                         | Connector name.                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-n/--name`                 | Yes, unless `--preset` is given.                                         | Connector name.                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| `-r/--attributes-to-roles`  | Sets attribute-to-role mapping using format `attr_name,attr_value,role1,role2,...`. Repeatable.                                                  |
| `--display`                 | Sets the connector display name.                                                                                                                 |
| `--issuer`                  | Sets identity provider issuer.                                                                                                                   |

> | `--sso`                     | SSO is the URL of the identity provider's SSO service.                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--sso`                     | URL of the identity provider's SSO service.                                                                                           |
```
To be consistent with the other rows of this table

> | `--cert`                    | Cert file with with the IdP certificate PEM. IdP signs responses using this certificate.                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--cert`                    | Path to your IdP's certificate PEM file. Your IdP signs responses using this certificate.                                                         |
```

Unless `--cert` expects the actual file content

> | `--acs`                     | AssertionConsumerService is a URL for assertion consumer service on the service provider (Teleport's side).                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--acs`                     | AssertionConsumerService is a URL for the assertion consumer service on the service provider (Teleport's side).                                      |
```
Should we also add a quick note about how a user would determine this from their Teleport cluster?

| `--audience`                | Audience uniquely identifies our service provider.                                                                                               |

> | `--service-provider-issuer` | ServiceProviderIssuer is the issuer of the service provider (Teleport).                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: Should we also add a quick note about how a user would determine this from their Teleport cluster?

Author: This is an optional flag, along with others (`--sso`, `--acs`, ...). Normally the user leaves that one alone: Teleport will set that automatically.

> | `--signing-key-file`        | A file with request signing key. Must be used together with `--signing-cert-file`.                                                               |

Author: Yes. They are also to be used rarely, so I figured additional clarity is worth more than brieviety.

> | `--acs`                     |                                                                       | AssertionConsumerService is a URL for the assertion consumer service on the service provider (Teleport's side).                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--acs`                     |                                                                       | URL for the assertion consumer service on the service provider (Teleport's side).                                                  |
```

> | `--audience`                |                                                                       | Audience uniquely identifies our service provider.                                                                                                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--audience`                |                                                                       | Uniquely identifies our service provider.                                                                                                               |
```

> | `--service-provider-issuer` |                                                                       | ServiceProviderIssuer is the issuer of the service provider (Teleport).                                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--service-provider-issuer` |                                                                       | Issuer of the service provider (Teleport).                                                                                          |
```

| `--assertion-key-file`      | A file with key used for securing SAML assertions. Must be used together with `--assertion-cert-file`.                                           |
| `--assertion-cert-file`     | A file with cert used for securing SAML assertions. Must be used together with `--assertion-key-file`.                                           |
| `--provider`                | Sets the external identity provider type, enabling workarounds. Examples: ping, adfs.                                                            |
| `--ignore-missing-roles`    | Ignore missing roles referenced in `--attributes-to-roles`.                                                                                      |

Supported presets:

| Name       | Description                          | Display   |
|------------|--------------------------------------|-----------|
| `okta`     | Okta                                 | Okta      |
| `onelogin` | OneLogin                             | OneLogin  |
| `ad`       | Azure Active Directory               | Microsoft |
| `adfs`     | Active Directory Federation Services | ADFS      |

#### Global flags

> These flags are available for all commands `--debug, --config`. Run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These flags are available for all commands: `--debug, --config`. Run
```

`tctl help <subcommand>` or see the [Global Flags section](#tctl-global-flags).

#### Examples

1. Generate a SAML auth connector configuration called `myauth`. Two mappings from SAML attributes to roles are defined:

>   - members of `admin` group will receive `access`, `editor` and `auditor` roles.

Reviewer 2: Same indentation issue as above
